[Music]
so what's your favorite superpower mine
is the ability to read minds with that
I'd finally be able to find out what to
get my best friend is a birthday present
anyway actual comic book superpowers
don't exist but there are quite real
genetic mutations that make you as close
to a superhero as it gets you can
consider yourself special if you have
one of them starting with number one
super-strength yep there really are
people possessing superhuman strength
well not exactly superhuman of course
but there's a genetic anomaly that makes
children's muscles develop at a
mind-blowing rate due to inactivity of
myostatin protein which suppresses
growth of muscle tissue newborn children
can become very lame looking like
bodybuilders at a very young age this
condition is quite frequent in mice and
cattle but humans get it extremely
rarely the latest example of such a
mutation was recorded in Berlin in the
early 2000s what's even better is that
no health problems have been found in
kids with this condition so they're
super strong and healthy at once want to
be the parent of a Superman
hey where's my cape number two enhanced
vision now most people have three types
of cones in their eyes allowing us to
see millions of colors women typically
see more shades that's why I'm unable to
give a reply when my wife asks me what
colored nails suits our best red or red
but sometimes they see so much more that
we're literally unable to comprehend the
difference that's thanks to a fourth
cone in their eyes that enhances their
vision a hundredfold and what's more the
number of women born with this extra
collet is about 12% but only a few of
them can actually use it because in most
cases it remains inactive oh man I'd
love to see the world through their eyes
number three longevity it might
sound as a superpower but consider
living ten years longer than any other
human on earth and in good health you
know I'm not take it for granted there
is a genetic mutation in a single honest
community in Indiana that adds another
10 years to their lifespan a gene called
Serpine one mutates in a very particular
way and scientists don't yet understand
the mechanism of it but they hope it can
be used in medicine for example to treat
conditions that come with age oh yeah
I do hope they succeed too number four
super athleticism no it's not about
being incredibly athletic though I know
how it sounds it's a genetic mutation
specific to Tibetans the e-pass one gene
allows them to live at extremely high
altitudes without any trouble breathing
the thin mountain air as if they're
living in a valley regular people would
develop heart and brain diseases at such
Heights because of the lack of oxygen
but the Tibet dwellers seem to have no
problem with that as a result they're
extremely tough and can be involved in
much more strenuous activities than
other people that's why II pass one is
also called the super athlete gene
number five unbreakable bones now this
one is certainly a superpower imagine
falling from the roof of a 10-story
building and getting away with a few
bruises and scratches but no broken
bones whatsoever such a genetic anomaly
was discovered back in 1994 and it is
associated with the L R P 5 gene it
makes a person's bones about eight times
denser than normal which basically makes
them indestructible there was a case
where a man got in a serious car crash
and not only survived but had not a
single fracture what's even better for
him at least is that the feature seems
to be hereditary it means he could pass
it down to his kids and they'll become
unbreakable too
hey someone call em night shy Millan
number six
goldenblood hmm not literally golden
color sorry to disappoint you it's still
red but what it does is even more
awesome than if it were actually golden
there are about 40 people in the world
who have a blood type that doesn't have
any RH blood cell antigens in simpler
terms it means anyone can accept their
blood even those with extremely rare
blood types
so these people's blood is indeed like
gold for medical purposes if it wasn't
for them people with rare groups
couldn't be treated without an exact
match and that could take a lot of time
which they often don't have number 7
cholesterol immunity this one is a dream
for anyone with heart or blood vessel
issues scientists have found out that
people with naturally reduced function
of a specific gene called pcsk9 have
much lower cholesterol levels in their
blood which helps them avoid various
diseases caused by this molecule some
research suggests them this gene is
useful in combating sepsis but overall
scientists agree that getting rid of it
for medical reasons won't have any
serious consequences
so in the future we might be able to
forget about cholesterol and related
issues finally number 8 no need for
sleep now the first thing that comes to
my mind when I hear about this condition
is no rest for the wicked but it doesn't
have anything to do with being good or
bad short sleep periods occur in very
few people and some even go as far as to
claim they don't need sleep at all for
example there's a man from Vietnam who
says he hasn't slept for 33 years having
contracted the condition back in the 70s
how he could have contracted it is a
mystery considering that it's a genetic
condition but there are no facts proving
otherwise anyway what would you do with
such a huge amount of spare time if you
could get rid of sleep let me know down
in the comments
number nine constant body odor
so that would be stinky man right who
says superpowers must always be pleasant
now if you remember the x-men movies you
might recall there were mutants with
abilities that were downright repulsive
like growing spikes all over the body so
I insist that having a constant
unpleasant body smell is also a
superpower
I'm afraid however that my belief won't
bring any joy to people with this
condition a mutation of a gene causes a
certain enzyme to stop being produced
and without this enzyme the body starts
emitting a strong and well pretty
disgusting aroma something like rotten
fish the scent follows such an unlucky
person everywhere I can only wonder how
poor guys live in the society boy that
really stinks
number 10 super hair growth another
rather uncomfortable genetic mutation is
called the ambrus syndrome or
hypertrichosis people suffering from it
have excessive hair growing all over
their bodies and when I say all over I
mean everywhere the face the body both
arms and legs even hands and feet are
covered with thick luxurious hair
thankfully this condition is extremely
rare
having affected only about 50 people
since the Middle Ages if it were more
frequent
I guess razor manufacturers would be the
richest people in the world number 11
different eyes this condition doesn't
give its host any unusual abilities but
it looks beautiful what's known as
heterochromia is basically different
levels of melanin in the body melanin is
a pigment that's present in our eyes
hair and skin so it can affect the color
of anything
heterochromia though only touches the
eyes making them two completely
different colors say one hazel the other
blue it's once again a really rare thing
to happen in humans but I bet you've
seen it in other creatures a particular
breed of dogs
the Huskies they have a natural
predisposition for this condition so
they often have either extremely light
blue eyes
or two different colored eyes and I
think it looks astonishingly cool number
12 double eyelashes now speaking about
the eyes there's another genetic
mutation that affects them we all have a
single row of eyelashes right one on the
upper lid one on the lower but a very
small number of people with distant Isis
have two rows on either eyelid the most
famous example of this condition is
Elizabeth Taylor remember those dreamy
eyes with fantastic lashes yep she was
technically a mutant ouch that sounds
bad
anyways her eyelashes were a result of
an abnormal Fox c2 gene and nobody could
say it was for the worse but there's a
downside to this condition too if the
second row is too low it can grow into
the eye causing irritation and even
troubles with eyesight everything comes
at a price I guess so what about you
any superpowers running in your family
or do you know of any other superpowers
you can tell us about in the comments if
you learned something new today think of
this video will like and share with a
friend but hey don't go out leaping over
tall buildings just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out just click on this left or
right video and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life